001 Echo Submission 		 Heedong Lee
Submission Date: 07/07/13 1:00 pm
Submission Type: Zipped package
Package Contents: 
Main.java

Your Output 	 Expected Output 	 Result 


Barcelona, Spain -  El Clasico in recent years has been personified by the competition between Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo and Barcelona's Lionel Messi to see who is the best player in the world.		Barcelona, Spain -  El Clasico in recent years has been personified by the competition between Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo and Barcelona's Lionel Messi to see who is the best player in the world.		Pass
Sunday's edition of the rivalry offered no clear decision as both players scored braces in a 2-2 draw at Camp Nou.		Sunday's edition of the rivalry offered no clear decision as both players scored braces in a 2-2 draw at Camp Nou.		Pass
Real Madrid took the lead in the 23rd minute when Sami Khedira found Ronaldo on the left side of the box as the Portuguese star fired a first-time shot past Victor Valdes at the near post.		Real Madrid took the lead in the 23rd minute when Sami Khedira found Ronaldo on the left side of the box as the Portuguese star fired a first-time shot past Victor Valdes at the near post.		Pass
The visitors nearly doubled their lead moments later but Karim Benzema's shot rattled the frame before Angel Di Maria misfired off the rebound.		The visitors nearly doubled their lead moments later but Karim Benzema's shot rattled the frame before Angel Di Maria misfired off the rebound.		Pass
Barcelona equalized in the 31st minute as Messi capitalized on some sloppy play for the Madrid defense. Pepe's failed clearance and a couple of unlucky bounces prevented the visitors from clearing their lines, and Barcelona's Argentine magician pounced on the loose ball to stuff it past Iker Casillas.		Barcelona equalized in the 31st minute as Messi capitalized on some sloppy play for the Madrid defense. Pepe's failed clearance and a couple of unlucky bounces prevented the visitors from clearing their lines, and Barcelona's Argentine magician pounced on the loose ball to stuff it past Iker Casillas.		Pass
Messi emerged with the go-ahead goal in the 61st minute, curling a sensational free kick over the wall and into the upper corner to leave Casillas no chance.		Messi emerged with the go-ahead goal in the 61st minute, curling a sensational free kick over the wall and into the upper corner to leave Casillas no chance.		Pass
But Real Madrid restored the even score five minutes later as Ronaldo latched on to a splitting pass from Mesut Ozil and instantly slipped a shot past Valdes.		But Real Madrid restored the even score five minutes later as Ronaldo latched on to a splitting pass from Mesut Ozil and instantly slipped a shot past Valdes.		Pass
Barcelona produced some glorious chances in the final stages, including a brilliant effort from substitute Martin Montoya that struck the crossbar after some fine build-up play, but the match finished with the two title rivals deadlocked on two goals apiece.		Barcelona produced some glorious chances in the final stages, including a brilliant effort from substitute Martin Montoya that struck the crossbar after some fine build-up play, but the match finished with the two title rivals deadlocked on two goals apiece.		Pass
The result spoils Barcelona's perfect start to the La Liga season as the Catalans now have amassed 19 points through seven league games.		The result spoils Barcelona's perfect start to the La Liga season as the Catalans now have amassed 19 points through seven league games.		Pass
Real Madrid, paying the price for a slow start to the campaign, sits eight points behind.		Real Madrid, paying the price for a slow start to the campaign, sits eight points behind.		Pass
Athletic Bilbao 1, Osasuna 0		Athletic Bilbao 1, Osasuna 0		Pass
Bilbao, Spain - Athletic Bilbao snapped a three-game winless run on Sunday by taking a 1-0 win over Osasuna at San Memes.		Bilbao, Spain - Athletic Bilbao snapped a three-game winless run on Sunday by taking a 1-0 win over Osasuna at San Memes.		Pass
Aritz Aduriz provided the killer blow, scoring in just the 12th minute to lift Marcelo Bielsa's side to eight points on the season.		Aritz Aduriz provided the killer blow, scoring in just the 12th minute to lift Marcelo Bielsa's side to eight points on the season.		Pass
Osasuna remains second from bottom in Spain's top flight with just four points.		Osasuna remains second from bottom in Spain's top flight with just four points.		Pass
Granada 2, Mallorca 1		Granada 2, Mallorca 1		Pass
Mallorca, Spain - Granada claimed a second successive victory on Sunday, edging Mallorca 2-1 at the Estadio Son Moix.		Mallorca, Spain - Granada claimed a second successive victory on Sunday, edging Mallorca 2-1 at the Estadio Son Moix.		Pass
Emilio Nsue was sent off for Mallorca in the 64th minute for denying a clear scoring opportunity in the penalty area, and Youssef El Arabi converted the ensuing penalty kick to hand Granada the lead.		Emilio Nsue was sent off for Mallorca in the 64th minute for denying a clear scoring opportunity in the penalty area, and Youssef El Arabi converted the ensuing penalty kick to hand Granada the lead.		Pass
Granada was reduced to 10 men moments later when Yacine Brahimi was banished to the stands, but the club still managed to extend the lead thanks to Gabriel Torje's strike in the 76th minute.		Granada was reduced to 10 men moments later when Yacine Brahimi was banished to the stands, but the club still managed to extend the lead thanks to Gabriel Torje's strike in the 76th minute.		Pass
Tomer Hemed pulled one back for Mallorca four minutes from time, but it proved to be nothing more than a consolation strike.		Tomer Hemed pulled one back for Mallorca four minutes from time, but it proved to be nothing more than a consolation strike.		Pass
Levante 1, Valencia 0		Levante 1, Valencia 0		Pass
Barcelona, Spain - Levante secured its third league win of the season on Sunday, defeating Valencia 1-0 at the Ciutat de Valencia.		Barcelona, Spain - Levante secured its third league win of the season on Sunday, defeating Valencia 1-0 at the Ciutat de Valencia.		Pass
Obafemi Martins produced the lone goal of the match, scoring in the 22nd minute for his second goal of the season.		Obafemi Martins produced the lone goal of the match, scoring in the 22nd minute for his second goal of the season.		Pass
Levante improves to 10 points on the year to go two points ahead of Valencia.		Levante improves to 10 points on the year to go two points ahead of Valencia.		Pass
Atletico Madrid 2, Malaga 1		Atletico Madrid 2, Malaga 1		Pass
Madrid, Spain - Falcao continued his sensational start to the season by bagging a brace in Atletico Madrid's 2-1 defeat of Malaga at the Vicente Calderon on Sunday.		Madrid, Spain - Falcao continued his sensational start to the season by bagging a brace in Atletico Madrid's 2-1 defeat of Malaga at the Vicente Calderon on Sunday.		Pass
The Colombian opened the scoring in just the sixth minute, but Roque Santa Cruz leveled the score for Malaga. The home side was made to wait until the 89th minute for a winner as Falcao notched his league-leading ninth goal of the season.		The Colombian opened the scoring in just the sixth minute, but Roque Santa Cruz leveled the score for Malaga. The home side was made to wait until the 89th minute for a winner as Falcao notched his league-leading ninth goal of the season.		Pass
The win sees Atletico move level with Barcelona for top spot in La Liga on 19 points apiece. Malaga remains third on 14 points.		The win sees Atletico move level with Barcelona for top spot in La Liga on 19 points apiece. Malaga remains third on 14 points.		Pass
